Last but not least, let's simulate a resource race condition.
To follow along with this demo, for the Base Tracker Service,
check out the adding-custom-retry-policies-resource-race-condition branch.
For the Lake Profile Service,
also check out the adding-custom-retry-policies-resource- race-condition branch.
Starting with the lake-profile-service,
you can see that we haven't made any changes from the
module branch for this simulation, so let's run it.
Switching over to the bass-tracker-service,
we've made one simple change,
and that is to bypass the sleep between creating and
getting the lake profile resource.
Let's run that and see what happens.
Success.
We've solved the resource race condition issue SaaS Bass is having. This was obviously made possible by adding a custom back off policy.